0.  What is pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis?

    a disease of the lungs characterized by inflammation, coughing, and fibrosis caused by inhalation of very fine silicate or quartz dust    
        
1.  According to its man page, what does getrusage do?

    getrusage returns resource usage measures such as cpu time used
    
2. Per that same man page, how many members are in a variable of type struct rusage?

    there are 16 members in struct rusage, 2 of type struct timeval and 14 of type long

3.  Why do you think we pass before and after by reference (instead of by value) to calculate, even though we’re not changing their contents?

    My best guess is because pointers are eaiser to pass around than coppies 
    
4.  Explain as precisely as possible, in a paragraph or more, how main goes about reading words from a file. In other words, 
convince us that you indeed understand how that function’s for loop work.

    it goes through the file one char at a time confirming the the char is either an alphabetical character and apostrophe. only then
    is the character added to the array of chars called word. If word becomes to long a while loop is used to chew through the remainder 
    of the word and the index is reset to 0 in preperation of the next word. furthermore if a number digit is found once again the 
    program uses a while loop to consume the remainder of the current world and the index is re set to 0. once the program runs into 
    a character that is not alphabetical, an apostrophe, or a digit and the index is greater than 0 a potental word has been found.
    a '\0' character is appended to the end of word and the counter holding the number of words is incremented. the word is then 
    passed into a function that checks it against the currently loaded dictionary. if it isnt found in the dictionary the word is 
    printed out. finaly the index is set to 0, ready to start another word. this is repeated untill the end of the file is reached. 
    
    
5.  Why do you think we used fgetc to read each word’s characters one at a time rather than use fscanf with a format string like "%s" 
to read whole words at a time? Put another way, what problems might arise by relying on fscanf alone?

    the scanf function could potentaly read in characters that compicate the check function. reading in words character by character 
    alows for a more thorough filtration of characters.
    
6.  Why do you think we declared the parameters for check and load as const (which means "constant")?

    declaring peramiters as const means that they cannot be changed. doing this prevents the function from modifying the value passed
    into it.
